I went back-and-forth with Floe and he said, "I see Mike Tyson."

I said well, Mike Tyson's your tuppence
Take that, put it in your pocket
Got like 15, 16 swag can shorts
I whip that trigger finger like a champ
Got like 4, 5
BANG BANG BANG BANG

11/11/16, 1st world war raging
Lets start with you Floe
First of all, you a trapper
And when I talk smackin 
You nonchalantly ask if I have a gun
Do you know that I have a gun
That tells a lie
Thats really not a feature of my phone

Every time I surf the web

It like shows up in my inbox

Like a junkie

When I pull up in a 'rari
You know I always gotta get used to taking care of myself

You know I always need a budget
The last thing I need is for someone to rob me
Drive me like $200
END TIMES

Thats an effective blunt force
Drip drip drip drip
Drop you with the stendo clip
All my rides is music (Xenoblade)
So much honey you almost slip
Droppin bombs like Gaza strip
Got them beyblades let it rip
Don't know what else rhymes with drip
No shoelaces I don't trip

Big Mac Bleu busting in the scene
Hungry for some throats and spleens
I'm gonna wipe the whole board clean
Even if I have to crush some dreams

I’m ludicrous you can still make out his features
Poppin molly up inside of him
Hungry for some throats and spleens
I'm gonna wipe the whole board clean

Even if I have to crush some dreams

Been here and done that already

Show me yours match by 
posting say illegal drugs on the web
I would kill for a stack gypsum cover thang
Keep posting and I gonna trigger publish

I’m ludicrous you can still make out his features

Poppin molly up inside of him
Hungry for some throats and spleens
I’m gonna wipe the whole board clean

Even if I have to crush some dreams

Been here and done that already

In stages 2 & 3
Superman go , upping his game
 rescuing crew members
 spraying entire city with his tonsile
I want more ,, calling the cops
!,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, , , , , , !
To hell with 
Don't worry, I'll get you great product 
About to open my shop
Rest in Lil Peep

Large Breed Pestilence
 Offering the Highest Quality Rods
Included with every LIPO Importer Order
Show Up Today!
9/11!
(yuh)
Father forgive them, for they have found peace in me.
They are my lieutenants, my guides.
They know my name, for he knows the truth.
They know my name well, for he knows my secrets.

They call me Kipling because I am the name of the game.

They ask me why I stay at home and what I need my home-brewed
beer for breakfast?
I tell them I will with my family and that I will bring peace to their lives
to know that they are real people and not cultists like many were thought to be. THE ULTIMATE CHRISTMAS RECORD HAPPENS

Keep up the great work, for we do not need your declarations
We need you now and do them now.
Send in the Uzi-Tops, for they no longer exist
I am the only God who knows the future
Let there be no ado about not being hit at will
To hell with God and all that stands in its way
Keep on believing, for Jesus you are a thousand times greater than we are

Don't need a prayer book for a whole lot of reasons
I use meditation, for its powerful mental approach
I always look for peace in people and worldview
I use visual outlets in my practice to get around skeptical realtors
They tell me all about Jesus and his cult of 'amatamas
I got lots of stuff for myself, so I need some treasure scot-free
This way, I can train myself to be a better person
This way, I can become a better person
This way, I could build a whole new Temple
(uh)

In Jesus Name, help us battle cancer and save the planet
We cannibals need your help
BEST OF 2014
Sweat it
