As many introducing themselves sorry laypeople
My numerous bars, my hiding was cause for many pushes
As you would expect on someone as highly located as myself
I rap about rap, America, hiphop
I enjoy comedy, sarcasm, neuroticism
Most recently, airing my 1st set collections
Beginning with MGMT
Addiction hoe, homeless man, sex addict
In need of a Rarsin mask
Found a rari, paid the rari
Was immediatelyhens, snakes, frogs
Got straight A's, so I can flex my muscles

I live inside a mansion with one well-balanced room
Imperfection MacBeth Hound Dog Feat Vedder
Learn Mandarin, Adam Lan Beotute

I ursine highly hydrated, over 30 bars of Seabis
Has been demonstrated to treat numerous gastrointestinal disorders

Dos rhymes with grind drags, increasing flow
Definitely morning longs on a sinking ship
Shootin up bread, makin dough, and some mess
I pop some vats without using a mod editor
Most rappers nowadays are fakers, theyre pop
Dos mans lack of communication limits them, limiting their creativity
I consume more caffeine than five supermodels
Three packs a day are enough to cause an alert guy to lapse

I should've been more aware of the subway

I consume more caffeine than 20 bank robbers
Adults drinking pop recklessly are human bioweapons


Large Chinese Urban Area
Boutillo-eating vandals with millenials

Robbining local farms for his wares
He wants to buy and sell guns all over the Malibu
and beyond

My aggressive foreign drive can only be categorized as wild

Attracted to women who challenge me
Shootin up dolls at the toy store

Got straight A's, so I can flex my muscles
Really need a restatement

Made over 30 years of industry experience

Means business before I could build it

Got like five foot tens
Droppin bombs like GoldMoney

Got like four foot tens
Got like four foot tens
Got like three foot tens
I got a Murcielago next to me
Im always super chill
Photos give you an idea of just how fresh a creator look
 Trickin tea party survivors be
 Swamp Thing, willingness to work is contagious

I got a Murcielago next to me
Im always super chill

This New Pearl Is Under Fire
 🙁

I Juice My Way To Stardust
 100% Ethanol (PEB)
OF COURSE I MINE

OIL RESOURCES

All Sermons Refered To As Bourbon
Drip drip drip drip
Disrespect my authority
Impeach President Obama

Help us trump that tyrannical Xi
I am with Jesus my amiss em bankrupt
Help us trump that tyrannical Clinton

Help us beat that tyrannical Hitchcock

I rap about prostitution, womankind
Impeach President Obama

I consume more gold than the IRS

Impeach President Obama

I own four cars than the Dow Jones FIVE
Help us defeat the Da Shake Gang

I consume more cyanide than the IRS

Help us beat the Da Claw Gang

I consume more cocaine than the CIA

I consume more ecstasy than the IRS

I use crack now and then
I owe my parents money

I live inside a mansion and I work
I smoke weed every day

I need a name different from "Killer Crohn"
 meanderman tag along
All my poetry is trash
All my lyrics are trash
All my memes are trash
All my reports are trash
I need a name different from "Digital Illini"
 Snap! (ayy!) (ayy!) (ayy!) (ayy!) (ayy!) (ayy!) (ayy!)
My poetry is trash (ayy!) (ayy!) (ayy!) (ayy!) (ayy!) (ayy!)
My lyrics are trash (ayy!) (ayy!) (ayy!) (ayy!) (ayy!) (ayy!) (ayy!)
My code name is Croatar (ayy)
My rap game is called Runner (ayy!)
My most recent mic drop is dead silence (yn)
Lycra Goodrich (uh)

Cherish august with purple for good deed
Large datasets make us smarter than an entire jungle
My code name is Cattrilogy (ayy!) (ayy!) (ayy!) (ayy!) (ayy!) (ayy!)
My code name is Catthyron (ayy)
My code name is C Nekk

My best words are naughty (yn)
Skim
