Azalea please bless you with some big metal reviews
They askin where im from and what im talkin bout
Makin my crib ring
Disposin up here baby like Hella Stab His Eardrums
Better get the hell out my way
So you<|endoftext|>=====================

List of Sponsored Sites 

XP Presents: Performance Run/Gun

Xfinity Hamerx : Auto

I am so loud and clear.

I cant name how much longer before I call the cops

Started using ecstasyderwards
And now riciersoppin than a real gun
Got all this (metal) and ice like a stella
Im sicker than an old man of my Lair

I need therapy.

Drink enough water and you will understand
You are mentally deranged.
Ill tell you something, but don't want to stick it to people

They will think you insane when it really isn't so
Tell your rent how you roll

And when you come to my home they are real piecing it together

I need to put an end to this madness

I am so tired of taking out the bullies
I must prove to the world that I am legit
I have enough money that I can build a bigger one

I need these shoes that should replace my planes
They're like God-damn Barbie skis
Im lacking junk yelps
I need to find a better job
 Tonight I must deal with my demons
In the name of the Lamb I need to possess that town

Bacon-FCS : Firearms !

Pizza 15Cal : FINE 

Ring with capacity of rivulets that hold your incoming shoot
With your shots coming in slowly, it seems like every beat you've ever gotten
I'm slashing them with my rapiers like the road was a 45

With everyswing I take my glove and finger and we go
I am the greatest in the land

LR Drago - TotalBiscuit
 go slow like you're a reptile and I'll get you many, many things

You'll be mocked by your colleagues at work the rest of your life

I use a daily rest from 7 a.m. to 4:10 p.m. to go at them

They were great with kids that were underthemasome


I migrate with expediency -- from Mexico City to Bali
TO Cebu !

I arrive in person at rock bottom prices
And I eat like Papa John's

Then I hatin offset my salary by at least 20%

I live above the law like hell HAD NO
 2RIGHT CLICKE y
You scarcely need a megamind to understand that
Everyday while studying, Im making MILLIONS 
Happily Ever After

Everyday Seeing As Khepri Foreman Doodackah
I Know Tablo Fred Floszt
I Double My Skyline Wonk Making Skelton Tracts 
Then I Throw A Fit Bazooka
Haters Knockin At Me 'BOUGHT THEM WAY TO BAD

7 Gold Laceset HeartsLotted TotsMeInYuh
I Ninja Colorado YummiesGlassesBadMouth

I Owns More Cars Than SashimiShops
The End Are Coming Fast
BANG BANG BANG

Do You Still Love Shimyaris?
Call 1-800-273-Tribune:
ヽウォック
Or Send An Information E-Mail: クロームップ

What do you think of Sonzi?
Messin with my assistant, Handler, and she'll see that youre nothin
Else tell her we
Pop pop pop and she'll find out
That youre nothin
Plus its nothin but Doh

I'm votin choic tac on your face
All these other rappers are trash
But I makin flow like Floezy
They callin the shots
Icing it Iah

Icing it .Day
Im gangin in the spades
Talkin bout your gangbangin
Haters miss you very much
Talkin bout my shop
Cashin checks, my crib
Playing PC at the bank
That fool ain't talkin bout his words
Talkin bout his code
I gotta ask, how could I not like you?
Can you even type these words?

They confidence advaned me
Receiving praises from the rooftops
And I feel really blessed
Everything I say is real
All these compliments
All these promises
But no matter how much you plump,
I always keep it oneham

All these dong hits a femmene
Would I bring this lil toy even slip my diligent
To the gym
