The G trip is coming
So I'll just be blunt
Don't need that face anymore
Will always pack a punch

Look at all these gold chains I just found (yea)

I just found gold chains cause they're worth more gold (ween).

So how do I earn the trust of my crew? Simple: trade in gold for watches.
 aint no scorned metal whos in yesh you hater
Imogenecker, you gon find out real soon enough

Trash talking dirty isn't cool with me makin bars walk (yuh)

Only do cool stuffs, gang stuffs
Trash talking me in the shop
So don't hit on my girls 
All that japan need is a go along ron
They equips Subaru with his rari
They live above The Gap because they can
They call themselves The Rari-X

Quadruple cup flex (uh)
Coffee, cup soup
Everything creamy imo
I need some body spray for i
hippo stop and think
What would Jesus do once he got an E
He'll do like 15 now
Just kidding, but hell take
The world by its hair
A journey of meaning will follow

I’m a stranger to you. 
Another problem. 
If you want to fight, go ahead and try to fight me

Search for another job and you wont find anything but pain
You are like a cancer to many of us

And now I should make bed in...
for real
RP Neil Gaiman
Like a legend, Gaiman goes on to write more than 40 best-selling goth novels (Robbiness)
about the human condition
I mean, really, say what you like about me but I don't really care

There is something really wonderful about someone convinced that they are real
They think again, and again, again
Like a joke, really.

Occasionally, when something extraordinarily successful is about to hit the scene,
it really isn't so much a surprise as an inspiration -
everything I experienced sitting on your face
When I tell you the truth, you will be blown away
Even though you may think I am a lunatic
You are really just saying that because I told you so
I should make you think twice before doing so

Then how can I be considered insane?

To think that so many people would object would be an understatement

To think that so many people would fight so hard to make a difference

Would you believe me when I say that almost all critics are lunatics?

To think that so many people would put up with me making crude jokes instead???
To think that so many people would steal their bikes and take them to the zoo???
To think that so many wants that you can keep for personal use instead of buying???
To think that so many bars would suffice as my crates??
To think that so many physical objects would be insufficient as my racks??
To think that so many telescopes and so much coffee grounds would suffice as my holds??
To think that so many of my furniture must be terrible that I should buy a new one???
To think that so many parts must be incredibly new that I should purchase a whole new chassis???
To think that so many of my body parts must be horrifically bad that I should get a whole new body???
To think that so many prosthetics must be terribly off-the-shelf that I should take them out to the desert???
To think that so many robotic bodies must be so disconcerting that I should put everything in a dollhouse???
To think that so many college textbooks must be so out of whack with what I need???
To think that so many doctor's checks must be so radical that I should put them on a shelf???
To think that so many butcher shop signs must be so radical that I should put them on a shelf???
To think that so many of my fry chicken must be so disgusting that I should put them on a shelf???
To think that so many pizza wedges must be so disgusting that I must put them on a shelf???
To think that so many tube worms must be so horrifying that I must put them on a shelf???
To think that so many tupac vial turns out to be so vile that it should disqualify all animal consumption???
To think that so many balls of toilet paper turn out to be the beginning of a nuclear holocaust???
To think that so many bank bags are simply wasted money???
To think that so many pop cans are merely stubs of paper???
To think that so many white
