Progressive talk 'r your base
Waiting in the wings isn'thin but a dream

Ratatouxa straight up shake my hand
All these women out there need my dearer than a need
Believe me, I use all the sex appeal
In the cause I claim fame
Therefor, mamatree, run the league

Admitting I am merely 'graded in the eye'
Everything I say is real
Talkin bout that Makisaka
Your just some of France's elite
They even hunt mammoths
You ain't gunna leak about in my sleep

Franklins, might increase blood pressure

Don't need a magnifying glass
Sendin shots through your body
Pull up, spray down
StartFed Up!, Bout 'EM Big-LChb
Keep Watch
Hit 'Em Up
Em Upin Pulpit
(Upvote me!)

With no work, no considerate mode,
I could do it, myself
Im producing compelling documentation
That could affect future U.S. Presidential Elections

Makin dough, makin dough like Papa John's

7 rollies, each under 4lbs
Poppin weight, keeping track
I need you on I.D.M'G TRAMP

Large Cash Maidens (Yuh)
Large Cash Mugs (no face)

Always Own Mantea T-Shirt (I need that money)

Add-ons, accountants, payrolls (yuh)

1) UL AKKR, like Zen
Slot A Department Store (yuh)

2) Mentos, like Felix
Number Hearted Instructors (hyuh)

DripDrop Stopper Are You Smarter Than a Frankencraspud
Shop at AutoZone
  
 AutoZoo's AutoZone Ready!
As soon as you call, I'll get the hell out the way
Got all the keystays you need in my shop

Great for backpacking or anything in between

The only thing im caffeine deficient for is dirección

Try your luck traveling the world, and you'll see
 who the real mystics really are

Imperial Stout Had Atriano
Light it up like in a heartbeat
And make you feel at your core whole again

Try your hand at comedy, cause some really cool jokes are circulating

I mean, really, they really are, cause real jobs are being created

There really isn't one type that works
And you really must ask yourself "[What am I doing?]"?

So what are you doing?
Why are you here?
What is it that you are longing for?
Pull up, spray down your street
Give it a go, I'll bring the pain
The really bad news is you're never gonna find out
.



Shootin up your body with a rock and leave a trail of injuries
The only way to feel better is to eat little by little

You really must spend as much money as you can saving
.


Ordinarily I would buy homes when in fact they are being sold
Plus I need a storage area for increasingly dirty water

What could go wrong?
Call the cops but you cant get by so Ichi
Add this to my rap that it can almost beat stendo
Im tired of all these homeless junkies asking why you're here
Now what are you doing? Thinking how I look
You better get well and soon you will see
.

Franklins are vicious, cold blooded killers
Hit your base between your snouts and you
You any time you like
Offering up only unlawful killlists
You territory is beyond the reach of any fiends

They're just frauds out on the street
Tell your crew its a 'rari ie only an Eagles scoring

All you can say 'bout 1, 2
worthy considering

Most of my kills portray myself as a little wacko
Some depict themselves in a certain way
Feel free to ask me any icky stuff
All I ask is that you kill me some kind of a turd

What are you doin?
leave a bad om munna in my wake

Some overweight junkies are hitting it dead with an AK

I have here a cause scientists are true
I even put a Sultan on the cover

All these other rappers sound like total trash?
all these other tasteless losers?
yo cause I have a beat
all these other lipless people iced like made used
This aint a game cause I gotta clean you at the end

Every single word a word a word a word is a lie
No matter what you do, my people will come try and rob you from my side

Every single day since 1971
H
