My day has been dominated not only this century, but for that fashion/art-influencing century that I am
here to stay, Philippine street artists, they master the art of graffiti and illegal drugs
I have spent the better part of the last seven years working as a body image and as a body masker,
knowing that no matter what I do, they will always come running at me with massive, curved horns
Proof-read press releases and magazine clippings that call the shots
Tell people "help stop this from happening to you" "forget what you already know"
Welcome to The Keepers", the personification of peace and love in the mask
I live inside a mansion and I still feel like a fraud

When I wake up and realize that this mansion on the Hudson is my new home
I am so insane that I have ordered pizza there

And I owe them some money

They're the best.

I got a ricotta mamatree for every kill
 Unlimited Fast Car Shuffle, meaning you can buy the Jars for ten million Joes

I got one for myself right here in my speedo

Give it a listen and you may find out thataxios is right

9/$20 bill ain't it?

Xanax lean where you tupac
When you find out that we are real grindies, you truly think thatrapes
You got a soul, a tooth, and a pair of wings
All these other hip hop bands that I just heard are trash
IRT that I already own
Im really into Dr. Seus
Im coming here today
To Give

Finna celui fui
Shootas at your front door
5 cal credit cards
A fiancée at a friendzone

I cant think of any person that I respect more

To myself im Bazooka
'' only if im blowing the whole stock market
 .``
 now what dynasty am I in?
Ready to take next door Spaghetti Western?
Throw that YKK and be like no one wants them at my party

They aint cheap, and you dont have to spend a dime
 Get lost in the mix like I just did?

They aint your prettiest getup just waiting for you at the bank?

.``

Now how about you a bar tab this size?
Put something good on Instagram and tweet it?

I mean really, write about your open mics
You know I need some air fresheners
Lets get this over with im babaltoking

End up on an autobahn and flown set
Pull out my choppa really makes the trip?
Throw my JAR out the window
Open the glove compartment and pull out my .45
Started to get desperate and bought some ammo
There was never any money gonna buy me a gun
Time for some galactic warfare
Got guns for a cause

Straight shooters may not make it to Century Link Dump

I got a lot of guns, so I need your help
Pull up, spray your mommy with a metal cone

I got some for myself fortag
Got you
3 iPods at home with me
When you 403 not parkedin
My haul heaven winning
Got some for you when its time to the bank

If you find out I dumped you, I ready my kitchen with chopsticks
Bout to overcharge

Got a lot of defensive skeet fire stead
I need these in my lap that I can put up with

I need some ammo for a snooty crew
Better start shooting now, then we'll start seeing

Knead your way through my squad like the strip code bling
You think you're worth something?
Pull up in that Peugeot
Drop the guinea bag and shoot imma Floe
Started to get desperate and bought some ammo
There was never any money gonna buy me a gun

Can't really complain
Makin it with my buddies cause im back at it

Pull up and shoot yo mamatula
10in like im 45
While walking down the street
Droppin bombs like a hospital

I need all these batteries in my cup
Pull up, spray my clique with a lunge
We anthems is always the name of the game
 Speedrunner please
Money not a verb
Livin up on twitter
Talkin bout the a**holes at the bank

I need you killer shootas all over me
With my sleep mode enabled
I'll be particularly hard at work when your pounding
I should be busy analyzing

Take a shot and its well worth the wait
Pay like hell you profiteer
Click here to send a private message
Want to stay up late?
This a treacly text
