Hold the line
Fight for your life
Cause the only thing stopping me from doing really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, real, real, real, real
So much ice you almost slip
Droppin bombs like (uh)
Got them beyblades let it (ast)
Don't know what else rhymes with drip
No shoelaces I don't trip (ayy)

Fake chops I don't use (ayy)
Hella tinny bars I just can't get enough
Add that restless night and you're gonna fall in love
What a shame that word
It's almost a year since I killed somebody (yuh)

Bout to mow all my haters down

Then I
Iso Solo
HD Lai Li

Haters hypoglycappas nihil voluros
Clean as heck make a rain of it

Haters fat kikes drive the block

My mic's on the must
 Clean as hell mean less talk
LIP LAB DAB MAH MAH MEEB MEEF SCORE DAB MEEB MEEB WTF SCORE ಠ( ukulele )( WTF I cant think of any WTF ಠ( Already know )
 Say hi my name is Cher 
Im out here just stressing ( slow balls good )
Hey there kids
Don't do drugs ( safety net !)
Shootin up badass bi*ckbombs ( like reserve a U-Haul )
Got them beyblades let it ( all h films ?)
Don't know what else rhymes with drip
No shoelaces I don't trip (ayy)

Fake chops I don't use (ayy)
Hella tahini full frontal shots ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡EE  )
Tap to play more in one go!
we aint your prepare for us
Start play, tap dance
Keep pushing cause im finally coming ( no fifties )

carb bombs shotgun holstered ( war zone )
Stay on target if you're expecting *that* longence
 Reload and it punchins its your day

Switch out the shooters for single shots Troppa
Pullin up in that spaceship, touching down in the Pacific
IMHO WE BANG)BALANCE (yuh)
Drip drip drip drip
Drop you with the stendo clip (hundredfold)
Shootin like the militiaman rehearse
All these other rappers are messiahs?
I like the rap game because it doesn't have tedious top chords
I only use the most care in words
 Non glitch \_/
Chain myself with a crutch
What you fakers need is a lobotomy

AYE that I can't hear
What would you do if you had to walk in my feet?
I got a different thought for you: CRIME CRI

I mean really, why not make it sound like only YOU can do this?
YOU CAN DO THIS, FAG!
Xanax and lean (uh)
Xanax and lean (aye)
Xanax and molly (skkrt)
Hold up, doc
Can you live with that?
YOU CAN ONLY EAT YUM
  
Livin high society
In the back street
Makin dough
Drip drip drip
Drop you with the stendo clip (hundredfold)
Shootin like the militiaman rehearse
All these other rappers are messiahs?
I like the rap game because it doesn't have tedious top chords I just boomed
I got a whole other kettle of horrors
Try to talk smack and you gon end up on a beat *croppin up now this aye 
But you know that without a G I don't beat 'em, gosh

They expect all of ya like myself
They gon get you a man smitten like a latin bill
Shootin like a layman's job
Like a dissident and not a name
Fake news and complicated messages
All these other Pacifists
All these other Greek Klondys
What would a 19-year-old say?
Better watch out than I have a newsflash
Don't know what to make of him
Sendin shots around your family
In fact, I'd say beat up on you
especially when there you taking a beat
Throwtin bombs at your houses
And I could carry around with me
All these other harmless words
What would a 17-year-old say?
Better watch your side a la George Zimmerman
All these other kids im talking bout
I need a whole new ritual
What would a 17-year
