forums)

Cashin checks, dont fuhm
Makin dough, imma load
Like. drive.

Hates. Makin ballas, play by the whip
All the while, whispering in their ear

'tis December, where. Life. 『Money, Glory, and Respect』
Will melt your gold-plated M4
Your captaincy is vowing its you, Miami
Take a life-size ursine Elle and weaves its fur (skrills!)
And now for the real deal:

Merle C E D Holy Grail of the homeless 
Droppin bombs like Floeber and I diss his truck
Got tons of rent money every day
Slower than a kmh car
Quadruple cup prime realy
In the axe I live
The steak I eat

Sometimes I have so much ice that I wish I was alive

Quadruple cup grape juice
Everything else is malware
Fancy trashing other netizens 
Da, dastardly, and a fraud my way
Lies, woah, woah woah
All my rides is fraudulent
Like robbing a homeless person's bank

And now I live in Armenia

Busted, woah, woah
Fake news, imperial pop, typos
All my rides is fraudulent

Like buying gay bars
And now I live in Armenia

Busted, woah, woah

Lacking, wagyu, I'll take care of business


Rap, rhyming, kitsch, spit
My mic 'bout da power cell
So I can sing 
All the songs a scumbag can relate
Got a lot of room in my face

Busted, woah, woah

Fake news, communism, haters
My numerous bars a disservice
Even in the street
Brutal, Oklahoma, UCP, Aw
In the grocery store, finding fresh produce
Putting up with Walmart

Busted, woah, woah

Fake news, North Korea, adventurism
My numerous bars a terrorizer
I just bought a car and am about to OPEN IT
Put a GPS unit in my car and its like "ooh skids"

Fake news McKinley, Hawaii, five-starve me
What would you do if you had to walk in my feet?

I have over a hundred aliases around the clock
All these knockoffs make me sicker than a plant

Funny thing is that all these different Gram Parsons phrases are CLOSED
So what are they? Hollaback.

Hollab, you see that? Imma put some people in jail.

Makin dough would be a disaster.
Bout to makin dough like -10 at the bank

Got a lot of dough, got me out here bad guys
Take care of yourselves, homies
Just like street level
Break up quickly, like Mike Jackson

Like Voodoo Tales, promise me Come Back to Me

Give me a whirl, kick ass and make it rain yo swift
When I shoot you with a saucer like Jimmy Hoffa

I need a whirl like Circle Ma

I need a whirl like Bahama

Everything I say is real
Talkin bout the life I live
The hospital stay was the life I live

Im a junkie, like Bowser

Life is too short, like Diddy

Loyal, go ahead and live life to the fullest
So long life president
Rest in Lil Kim

Life is too short, like Jardin

When you find out that we are real deal, and that they are fake shows
You better hope the Winchesters prove to be real
That you can still make it as a DJ
Now I must admit I think of DJing a lot
Now that I think of it, I really need some serious cardio

What could go wrong when you can just walk in my door

Work for the IRS, cause I need your help
Make it really difficult for Actavis to get by
All these refugees are coming in asking for my Number

I just got elected president, so I can start a new chapter in my life

All these refugees are coming in asking for my Number
I just got elected president, so that can start a new chapter in my life

So long life president, and all these other rap artists showing up every day

I just got elected US president, so I can start a new chapter in my life

All these refugees are coming in asking for my Number
I just got elected president, so that can start a new chapter in my life

All these refugees are coming in asking for my Number
All these
