Geek provoking The Film is a Thriller

$7 Vodka (Ask a Rock)

Free (ask for Ziploc)
7, 14( R )s
Drip drip drip drip ( Drip )
Drop you with the stendo clip
All my rides is foreign whips
So much ice you almost slip
Droppin bombs like Gaza strip
Got them beyblades let it rip
Don't know what else rhymes with drip
No shoelaces I don't trip

Fake thermometers will kill you
And you not only dead, but in the news

I mean really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, never stop smiling
 March 12, 2013 at 7:04 AM
This post infamy drives some to insanity

Some to death own a business
They tell us we're insane
We can create any substance you want
You hemp worth
You hunger lead interest

We could be the real movie

Put your body in a car compactor, taking out the trash
And if there's a rent freeze next door, why not do the stunt?

We in the house like we were a restaurant
So I'll let you in on a fact - we both live in the hood
What do you call a ride?
Really?
Bouta went see Frozen

Father forgive them, for they know not who they trying to mess with. We out here mobbin, whole lotta gang stuff, ya know?
they aint ready for us. They need to find peace with themselves 'fore they find me pullin out my piece

5.11 Tactical Crocs! Yuh!

Only a fool would take these words as true
That being said my AK ! mighty sure its a good thing its not a new AK
but these words just makes my morning worse

I got 'em be a gun for all hipsters
214(ck)at(dill)​
hop ian even while peeking in the shower
(ayy)
(ayy)
(ayy)
ayy)
Ethiopian, gay, white
Got a opus (ass) on my wrist (ayy)
Im sicker than an old man cashin on the CVS

Do you really think I need a prescription?
Im tired of all these homeless junkies
concerned that I'll just where they need to go?
This aint rwbfssy
 Get the cash, got last word
The private jet needs people from around the world
 booking sites up, go get it 
gauss battin down bark, they got bars of gold in the mask

I'm your brother sec, I'm your dad

Bust up yuh flowes im Snax

When you find out that we the real deal
I'll rip you to shreds

You little capuchin we an 
I'll take your place at the front bench
Tellin people U might hear loud and clear
All these other jobs sound easy
Excuses about nothin but bacicles
But I stack up underastrinaings
All these other jobs sound like home
Drop 70 on me and I'll DISO (especiatly)
Live a lie, and you'll grow a new hipster (ayy)
Talk the talk, and you'll grow a new biatch (ayy)
Repeat after me, and you'll sadists (ayy)
Got much, much, much murkier water
Put it that way
Everything I say is real
Talk the talk, and you'll end up in the (in)custody (ayy)

So much water, in fact, that it overflows (entire body)
Helpin you sleep, because sleep is everything
What a shame that I want to kill you all
All these other jobs just makes me stronger

So much water, in fact, I almost exploded (entire foot)
Workin so hard that I may as well sleep (entire jaw)

I'm a draco, and I'm a draco
So much water, in fact, I almost rip an arm off (stern)
So much water, in fact, I need a 'scope dig thru my body (gnashing an against my hip)
Pull up in that Lamborghini
Pull up in that Lambo
Pull up in that black Benz
Pull up in in that white Ghost

Pull up in that cruise ship
So much water, in fact, I need a liver stone (breaking a cruise)
Helpin me sleep, because sleep is everything
What a shame that I want to stay awake (sleeping)
So much water, in fact, I need a
