Quote:( Credit me at crppytool


Now thats the difference between homeboy and a lyrics teddy bear
Mo, own, scheme, go, beat the cops

I chopped it up with a hacksaw
And some guys died trying to help
I got a body for soup (yuh)

This JayZ T-Shirt fits most any

50 Cent T-Shirt fits most any

Pharrell T-Shirt fits most any

Lil Yacimat at his Thanksgiving drive-through
Adorable mama want me for quitter
Father forgive them, for they know not who they trying to mess with
they are always very generous
Choppabhoo, mai ask questions, answer them

'Cause lamas demons are everywhere

Thedd Kappa Dos at least
The Police Air Mama

Black Shundra, strip, hood, and hide
Mask offs, robs, and do sweeps
My whip dont move, and I cant flick a switch

Mask at your door, I -
Word is that my grill is the loudest
Downtown, people asking me where im from
What up cause no1 cause?
Trash talking my street 
Makin dough, makin dough like Papa John's

7 rollies, each day of the week (gang gang)
Poppin molly, you know i do
Lit as hell, love stendo
Pull out my Draco, wear yarmulke
I aint ever going back
Used cocaine, high, eyes open
Always hot no party
Get out my way, hiding in plain sight

Liking cars is a dirty game, are we breaking the bank
Or is this just a campaign?
Don't know, im tired of all these homeless junkies
Out here killin posers like a heart attack
All these other rappers sound like total trash
Im the number one you know thats a fact

I mean really, name a single person that could beat me
Three timepeices on my wrist thats a three-peat
Lambo painted gold Pac on repeat
So when you see me cruisin down the street you know its me

They askin where im from and what im talking bout
I just bought a yacht so now im the captain I tell you that
This found in the wrong lot
My future always sunny and I roll up in the face
Getting by without much in the bank
But the real trick is in the detail
Working for a foreign country and you mess up like a lock
Throw a pop can at me and its a world war dead super
Ouija butter!

I always say Zuckerberg is a fraud
He lived in a dream come true
He came to find out that shooting isn't for kids
He was too smart
He made over a billion!

Messin with my people a burn it all up!

Money ain't a thing
Makin dough is a disease
Shootin up legit dough
Don't talk trash cause I stay on my hit list

Fake weight lifting methods
All these other junkies just popping
Money, diamonds, platinum, cash
All these other cool tricks get me riled
Always lookin fresh snap
What do I need? more juices?

go get it, it really is spiced latte


Father forgive them, for they know not who they trying to mess with. they are always very generous. They even let a homeless junkie beat his f*****g ass with a brick
Rent a affordably-priced home and they'll usually get it for under twenty-five thousand dollars
They call this gifted creative writing and I take care of the rest for you
Large, wealthy, and famous, Joseph Stalin was a dictator
The U.S. Senate held its Republican and Democratic Party accountable
They required in each and every instance that a fact would be proved
That isn't true, and hell, could have been written much greater
I mean really, look at all that gold.

gold plates encompass an entire continent
The inscriptions read LIBERTY, RAGGERY, BOUGHDADITY

Trash talking my numerous foreign and domestic enemies
In the code, Elise Armagnolo (Quentin Tarantino) was the woman
I'd beat YEARS GIVEN DRAMA
And now I always am

GERMANY

dont even get what you're saying


Well done, Mr. President!
Toast up with the most refreshing take on money you've ever seen
Drug dealer named Dr. Mustafa Al Fouq (Tim Robbins)
Cause him even more ground needling
Hezbollah symbolizes peace
Luckily for him, he in fact invented all this cash
Plus, Dr. Mustafa isn't bankrupt he swear

I own all
