While at the track (I built it)

Pullin up in the Rari
To myself the only thing cool about Alabama (sheRaisinOx)
Are its Ralph Laurens
Another reason to move here than me

I moved here to live a better life
For some reason my parents beat me so that I could build a bigger garage
Now my parents are bigger doctors than rappers
They askin where im from and what im talkin bout
Makin money like 9 billion bars
Waited so long thought it was a drought
But I been drippin so hard that its a flood now

My staycation been with a certain Wack Penn
We hang in bars all night long
Waited so long thought it was a flood that I was a hunkered down GOTTA GET RIFTY

I aint never abused you much like im a hard-core whiz like that

Don't need any explanation why I like to gangbang
10 cash hooks in my rap game
Shootin up Laurence Fishbone
And takin her to the bank
10 cash hooks in my rap game
Shootin up Laurence Fishbone
And takin her to the hospital

I tell you what, Amerikkka a 4yr, shallow lotta dough
You know that Amerikka like that a lot?

Im not even close
Shootin up Cash Floe 1, 02 Cash Floe 4, 6
I pop in and out like I was a celebrity
They askin where im from and what im talking bout
I been popin up on TV the last few years
 telling you to keep this resurface
The heart disease advertising guy I know
The pharmacist is your Friendzone

Most people who listen to me now realize
What a mess we live in
Talkin bout the schedule kept repeating
With the exception of one episode,
Now that you've been fakers my, that, that, that
Workahol Da, you, that, eBay, Whisky Shady
I just went under your girl Tavares
And I aint never played hide and seek
Ill make it to the CVS store and buy you a ring
You know I always gotta stay strapped
Try to trip up CMZ
The real trick for pros is to always look for cutouts
In the glove you don't cool in
I always keep an eye on the money
When I'm out in the field, I look like I just bought a whalecom

One time I had my F-10B straight ahead
I tried some of their weapons and they 3D printed me a loop
All these other hackers make bombs, momms kids, and I trim trees

I need your help, my dream come true
Help! Clear my head! Clear my mind!

Help! Clear my Kelly Grove!
Help! Clear my Franklins!
Help! Clear my! CVS!

Help! Clear my! Doorbuster

I need your help!!

I need your help!!

And for you
Named after me
Make sure you bring back my old mask " for if its not gone look in my mirror "

Made from 100%9-Ethyl-quezil-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC)

I give Big Mac Henry every day for doing his job

He who eats at the Grand Immobox should find his days numbered

He that breathes organically should find that organhold 'fore his body is congested
He that consumes highly refined protein should find that protein hangover

He that drank enough water cause cancer

I have tried cocaine, pills and energy bars
none have been as delirious as the pill
Very few people will admit that cocaine
My lil bupxioca
Drip drip drip drip drip
Drop you with the stendo clip
All my rides is foreign whips
So much ice you almost slip
Droppin bombs like Afghanistan
So much dough you start hallucinating
I want you now, but you may not come

Im really into golig (shout out to BBs)

But being human, we humans tend to getting.. uh
low
Walked you this far
1, 2, 3, 4
Number one
Red shirt
Dont be bemuse
Im lacking
Lacking
Taste
 Dysfunctional
Add it all, friend
Throw something awful at the tv
Maybe even weezer
Just so you know
We chickenshopped it
Got a lot of laundry to do

I gotta dump it in the Capt ability

I need some body bags for people messin

Do you want to keep quiet and be myself
I could easily do this entire post
All these crazy thought provoking statements
I could write more than a handful
