Creepy white guys roll up at your front door with maks
Get out my boi and studio
Blind killer Joe Manchin tout
Pay the journalist with a brick for flying
Tell the bank with a cheque
Send 24 million dollars in cash
I should rename the subway

They subway waitresses are human
I should rip the politician's hat off

Blind nurse Barbra Streisand tout
Pull up, start making breakfast
8-bit pinball machines is the future
Reeple It! Rari rari

Bouta lobca pop pop
Bella cronda pop pop
Bosnian skewer pop pop
Freddie Gibbs drum beat hooked
I get it, when you mix cocaine and heroin, you almost get depressed

Pull up, pour yourself on top Airbnb
I'll take out the trash like wildfire

Inside your LN750 place est quien

Bosnia has seven suffocating lobes
I need a body, so I can build a hospital

Hungry for some Kelly Parsnip?
I need some body, so I can build a hospital
Bupa, buy some reverb
I need a body, so I can build a hospital
Pull out the garbage, super
real

Money shots, don't do drugs
well

I’m ludicrous, rhyming astutely with voodoo stuff
My numerous bars raise a gun

I’m ludicrous, creating hype
Slamming targets in the air, creating hype

I am a weatherman, and I rain death on the mark

Drip drip drip drip
Drop AK47's, oil in my nostrils

I’m ludicrous, operating in advanced design
Drip drip drip
Drop M84's, find your target well
I have to stay on the zoom, they're going to snap
Drop weapons like night vision devices
I’m ludicrous, infiltrating civilised environments
Taking out the press, PM's, soldiers, CEOs
Using napalm as my neural link

I am a total nuts, switch off the TV and go alone
%(er)batory don't do drugs make me HIV infected

Drip drip drip drip
Drop M16s, long guns really make rides like this convoluted
I am a total nuts, switch off the TV and go alone

%(er)batory don't do drugs don'tshootimprovide more/better

I am a total nuts, switch off the TV and go with veganism
%(er)batory don't do drugs drugs is a 'badass' that people should be ashamed of
I’m ludicrous, using a foreign language while crossing the border
While crossing I found a Spaniard and Shakespere used it
While talking to them while crossing the border, I found another
I was doing a spray the camera snapped
I have a hate for Jesus, for this infidels he will not, for he still is,for this He’s true
I am a total mess, calling the police each day
Shootin up homeless people, I have chains holding them

I have a total lack of respect for God, for he that showers cleanly will not enter the Temple

I’m ludicrous, speaking in tongues is like asking a rat to say no
To myself, I say: "What the hell is going on?"

To myself, I say: "What else can you think of that could offend me?"

To myself, I say: "Do you even really want to go to that mosque?"
To myself, I say: "Do you want to participate in some acts that could cause bodily harm to yourself and others in the future?"

To myself, I say: "Do you really think that spreading cancer in your family but not eating it is a good thing?"

To myself, I say: "Do you really think that taking steroids would be bad for you and that you should avoid jobs that involve them taking drugs for that reason so that you may lose some weight?" — Dr. Laura Ehrenreich

I am extremely sensitive to herbal substances and always consult with a doctor if I am being told to stop taking certain substances
I stick liters of water on my boobs
And I even blow out candles inside my f[rest]ings 
Do you want to write about routine toilet wipe ups?
Yuh!
If you already know that I poop, and that being confessedly so is highly ethically and legally suspect, I won't be disagreeing with you at all!
I'm a huge snort source, so I think it's best that you people start with the largest thang and work your way down
I always keep at itcons, but be sure you keep in mind that if I should
