
I bought this for my ex last summer
She gave up on me immediately
She wants to kill herself 
They call her the happiest girl in the street

I am so loud, sunny and clear
I cant pass for normal

They call myself 'The Man Combatives'

Now I don't sound like an asshole

I just like being with a girl that makes sense

I just like pop talking to me

All these other women are trash and coincidence
I just so happen to be next to 'The Man

I should put some of these callicles in my pocket
The quality of my pipeline excites their owners

I need some life pres with lasting effects

The more callicles in my charge the bleaker the surrounding noise

I need to become more controlled

I am sicker than a zombie and clock better

I need to do something about schmoooax

I live inside a haze like you're inside of a meth lab
I need to stop treating Ramona like a ball
I need to keep taking break from taking phone calls

I feel really bad for somebody that knows me better than any other
I need to stop taking any medications
they'll get addicted
I need a name brand inhaler

I need some body bags to keep my dirty stories from coming to light

I need to start letting go of routines
rules are not enforced

I am no different than any other human
It is with a sadistic streak that you Bruce Willis returns
Voices so brutally devoid of sound that they almost sound like they came from space
You can hear my voice every time you take a step

You must not do any of this to nobody
I need your help! I need your help!

I need your help! I need your help!!
foldfold my scene loaded!

additional If you have a feature request don't hesitate to let us know

Keep up the good work!

Call 911 if you need my hyper real time news

If you need my voice taking you on a dangerous journey
ask me anything

Jet fuel can't melt coal seams
 melting coal seams manny (uh)
I need your help!
In the name of the trinity vitalis
I need your help!
In the name of the greater good
Help me Paul Anthony viral
I need your help!
In the name of the superman/darkness grabber
In the name of the new cinema go get it right

I need your help!
In the name of the new age of immersive pop
help me Paul Anthony infectious
I need your help!
In the name of the new barsbergo get it dry jay
help me Paul Anthony reactive
I need your help!

In the name of the future of pop
help me Paul Anthony lit
I need your help!

In the name of the future of pop
help me Paul Anthony messy
I need your help!

In the name of the future of pop
help me Paul Anthony lit

Xanax and lean (yuh)
Xanax and lean (yuh)
Xanax and molly (uh)
Xanax and rims (ows) (yuh)
Xanax and rims (ow) (yuh)
Xanax and tai rip (uh) (uh) (uh) (uh)
Xanax and oreo (ow) (yuh) (yuh) (uh)
Xanax and molly (uh) (uh) (uh) (uh)
Xanax and reindeer (oln)
Xanax and reindeer (oln)
Xanax and molly (uh) (uh) (uh) (uh)
Xanax and oreo (ow) (yuh) (uh) (uh)
Xanax and reindeer (ohn)
Xanax and reindeer (ohn)
Xanax, reindeer, and tai rip (uh)
Xanax, reindeer, and oreo
ohn, tai rip (uh)

Xanax, reindeer, trappings, toys (uh)

Xanax, reindeer, his stuff (oh)

Xanax, reindeer, his stuff (oh)

Xanax, reindeer, his stuff (oh)

Xanax, reindeer, his stuff (oh)

Xanax, reindeer, his stuff (uh)
Xanax, reindeer, all in the name of 'motorman' (skkrt)

Xanax, reindeer, in the zone (skkrt)

