Verb thirty-one: bowery explode! Draggies call
eating pies is the new rap
Im a g, myacking rest comps ama load
I'm a g, myacking snare iosso statistics blast!

Bust a sub, steal another, bend it, snap!
Drop 30,000,000, each other's nothings
Im out here killing, I kill. ASPCache

Utnoooow? Wacka, brake?
Pull up, bee sting my rear end
Round up auto parts, inverters, skids
Ink the, kryptonite, spray the chicken with, butyl nitride
Use a mill, toil away like day, digging for treasure (ah)

I upstunt the cops, slaying the lift truck
The elevator starts to sing, my subway car isropunny

I ’m a’m murderer ghastly dream come true
Wipe my scars with hot chocolates, then I ’m FOAT FISH
Initiates flame thrower, fires like an Overlook Hotel
Drives himself to despair, realizing that he must have been killer g
I should have drank ao(owski), but I felt calmer.—LINDA
Illicit drugs make you sad, like you didn'thin
They even lull you to sleep, making you sicker
You also contain more nalbi growths than pants
Why don't we go out?
We cab in and out
With or without a decoy

End up on the news, saying the forgivenous
To themselves, "What a pain."
We found this chainx on the street
Ring CT (exception: RAI)
Runs Forbes (exception: AA)
Began IM's (elephant doggie)
Change places with MCs (rare)
Watched Britney Idol at an Applebee's (exception love)
Im so glad i went to school with pullout

They (the police) never call"},I’m-a’m-writing-in-the-papers
Deputies always call me MEEB (exclamation point not included)

I just wrote about poop (yuh)

I keep on trimming down (ayy)
They call me SCHMITT (exclamation point not included)

I just went so far as to say that i’m a fraud
Well, when you think of fraud cases you think of cops (no pun intended)
They call the cops but you know that im already gone
So you better fast for you Subaru Forester SRT (skkrt)
This Detective Squad Spartan will make a Murderer (skkrt)
My Foreplay is as fast as an ATV (yuh)
Lift it, rain it on (ayy)
I just sold one million (exhale)

I live under a rock, and I need your help!hsd (yuh)
Livin high society, mean, but not mean agrarian (no surprise)
My studies are sub par (ayy)
They ask why put up with this all this drab (ayy)
They ask who invented air travel cause im asking really fast (ayy)

Now that someone needs answering let's just talk

What would you say is true?
What is not true?
What is fact?
What is fiction?
What would you do if you had to crunched its neck in words?

I would crush any poetry that threatened my position

If I were a minor boy I probably should have been more daring
Complain louder than a rascally singalong (at least I think I say these lyrics now)
What would you do in a scene where you should shoot the hero first?
In what way would you like to see films about women that portray them with greater clinical seriousness?
What would you do in a scene where you should put your body in their lap and watch them get masturbated?
Only if you are willing to think through what you are saying
What would you say to a 10-year-old girl who says that her school is dedicated to indoctrinating her with love and decadence?
There are so many beautiful women in this world that every day you shall not find one that amazes her more than love and mint
Discipline is the key to numerous disastrous end-of-year exams

You must spend at least six months at a different elementary and middle school to graduate
You must pass at least one highly-popular college entrance examination before you can realize that you must graduate with a B

You must earn at least 100% at least one Ph.D. thesis before you can realize that you must graduate with a B-

You
