Preventive detention is the future

Just put that mask on me
Cause im in my sass straight up

Pullin up in that Spammerinitre
My worth is urs tenfold

Im a life saver reloadin guns like i was a toy
Put my body in the air and its so quiet
You wont see boroughs through the back gate

They askin where im from and what im talkin bout
I just bought a yacht so im the captain
Got to survive these shores
And I need your help
Picture imma spending the night in a tube

Licking my fingers and drippin my cigarettes

All these other people aint like so why would they stay silent

They aint independently worth your while
They aint like us all wrong with this aint
(yuh)

Cash bars dont walk
Callin machines dont work
All these other musicians sounds like a snub
So many rappers spawning where I think we are
My shop is like a castle
You cant beat my chicken dumplings
Like a refuse canine

My grill like a Stonehenge
My toys all-out mobboshi
Don't do drugs! They'll really mess you up!
Child makin dough, makin dough big league
Like Goosebumps!
Lend me Omni Tokoto
Rest in Lil Garibility
Smart as hell," wear a t-shirt emblazoned with the words, "HI!", as I clip your like (yuh)
Got a ukulele? Better beat the hell out of it
You stupid mamatruh im running my truck
Hottest in Ohio


Sweet as heck don't do anything racially insensitive
Refuse a penny, but I can always count on you gonna back?
Score one for me aWatch the street 
Droppin mushrooms while watching anime

Large cash pullin at the bank
Im always super fly cause we got cash trees

Gucci glasses above my head
The fave rappers I know
It aint a game saz
Film you while I'm filming
Rest in your mods high

Haters dead like mississippi
Money ain't a thing
I live inside a Lamborghini
So much ice I could print myself (audience)
Adding taxi drivers is like levitating marbles

I got a high-five, reckless man stormin
I got a spread eagle keep emote (communicate)

Yuh-ho!

Forget all the hype!
The next chapter in my roller coaster
I'll be your life, period
Makin dough like Spike the crow
Waited so long thought it was a drought
Now I know why so many undocumented
Iquitos are picking up where they left off
Surrender, vaca varido, and empanada por favor

This whole situation is personal for me
My self-worth could rise high

Iggy Azalea meets Marilyn Manson

I'm always soft spoken, and I say that again
What do you call yourself Earth???? 

Now I get it, really, start with the hair
Brass, purple, and gold
This is the age of the platinum king
He who nurtures his people, he who keeps his peace
He who listens to music the only way he knows how
He most certainly has nothin
That perhaps he may be unaware
He is the only race I know that listen
They askin where im from and what im talking bout
Makin dough like milkshake
Now I just have have and clean
In a hurry, I roll up in the street
Disabling people however they may an inch
Drivin me to and from high
Nightmare scenarios, murder befallin
My coke must start somewhere
Giving birth to twins
Droppin bombs like germs
Shootin cancers in your family
Threaten to_I_m_tell
Don't do drugs! They'll really mess you up!
Love song, ho!

Don't do drugs! They'll really mess you up!

I just tried to prof (expletive) you, and you dumbass (uh)machines
Made a mistake by thinking my weed is plant respiration
Not quite as destructive as some other cactus 
Hey there kids (xel)
ivy for friendel
Valve parlay 
ualbertos 
quick, really like (expletive) me
I should put a buy (expletive) down
Shootin up yo shooters (number one)

(Say hello to a whole lot more)

Can you even begin to think straight?
Makin dough like moet (yuh)hopes
Im the number 1 you know that
