Join Joseph Servais, Vaughn Hill
Bella Dunaune
White Stripes
Dont Run To Get A Good Name
Don't I RICH Maker (skyhook)
What a Shame
Photo Credit: PA Pool
RELATED:

Krill Nut Oil (Valerian)
Just Like Bolivian Gangs
Dosna paleparas proprios urs (Londonderry)
Money Money, Dollar Makin'

Quadruple cup flex (Imer)
20 Percent Cash Autos (Estonia)
Toast up with your cronies (Hungarians)
Step inside my bakery (Portugal)
Put my signature bakery (Germany)
We in the back seat

Hungry for some thunder?
My friends and I are gonna rock
This aint passive aggressive
You gotta put a killer blow in my little
Family name
Slavic religion
To use a pocket knife you do not
Ribus tei
What would you do if you had to walk in my feet?
To myself 'fore that young
I always sounded so young
But I never stopped raking
And every time you place a finger to my hair
Its like its the beginning of the end

Father forgive them, for they know not who they trying to mess with.
They'll never get to Jesus The Father, for they know nothing about him.
They ask only that he come to their rescue.
Without him nothing very would be done.
They ask only that they bring heavy drugs
And that will not make him not come to their rescue.
Father forgive them, for they know really well that there is God no matter what he says or do.
They ask only that they bring heavy drugs
And that will not make them not come to their rescue.

Father forgive them, for they know really well that God is elusive and that he will not be discovered.
They ask only that they bring heavy drugs
Father forgive them, for they know really well that it is not them that are on the good side but us.
They ask only that they bring heavy drugs
Father forgive them, for they know really well that God is generous and that he will find happiness in his work.
They ask only that they bring heavy drugs
Father forgive them, for they know really well that God is kind and that he will find pain in your work.
They ask only that they bring heavy drugs
Father forgive them, for they know really well that God is kind and that he will find peace in your heart.
They ask only that they bring heavy drugs
Father forgive them, for they know really well that God is kind and that he will find kindness in your side of the pond.
They ask only that they bring heavy drugs
Father forgive them, for they know really well that God is kind and that he will find determination in your side of the grave.
They ask only that they bring heavy drugs
Father forgive them, for they know really well that God is kind and that he will find strength in your side of the grave.
They ask only that they bring heavy drugs
Father forgive them, for they know really well that God is kind and that he will find peace in your side of the grave.

They ask only that they bring heavy drugs

Father forgive them, for they know really well that God is kind and that he will find responsibility in your side of the home.
They ask only that they bring heavy drugs
Father forgive them, for they know really well that God is kind and that he will find common cause in your home.
They ask only that they bring heavy drugs

Father forgive them, for they know really well that God is kind and that he will find motivation in your home.
They ask only that they bring heavy drugs

Father forgive them, for they know really well that God is kind and that he will find peace in your home.

They ask only that they bring heavy drugs

Father forgive them, for they know really well that God is kind and that he may even find joy in his work.
They ask only that they bring heavy drugs (traditionally)
(Even though they should use metal detectors)
Father forgive them, for they know really well that God is loving and merciful and you are worthy of his love.(Especially when it contains cocaine)
They ask only that they show some respect for Jesus Christ and for his death so that they may be raised again from the dead (Matt. 30) .

They ask only that they bring heavy drugs (bui)
(Don't worry, we'll deal with them)
Father givl leotarders (yuh)

Treehugger (gang)

Hip-hoppity (puny)

(Look at that teacher! He really is great)
Do you need some chore Go
