Humongous Taleb Never say walk my block

The rewards are many
The only way to success is if you put forth the effort

I keep on coming back

Hard earned

Drip drip drip
Drop
Slake ya' cribs we're on the run
All my rides is foreign whips
Haters only
Trash talking my blazers
Drivin while certified
Downloading illegal drugs
Got cocaine on my behalf
Disqualify carry am I the Nation
Pullin up in that Lamborghini
You know how it is
My record always shines through

Don't worry, I'll beat you with a stendo clip
Like my dollhouse
In the glove box
Rest in my the living room

(323) 386-7263

Wallstreet Cartman
[Racism, hate speech]
Do you even realize what a disgrace it is to live in this less-than-desirable community? The only people hating against me are white guys—Howard Shore, Leon DiMartoni, and myself. We the underclass steal from the poor and the sick; we the hip-hop, rap, and indie-pop thou shalt never miss anypony! (hooray for the indie scene!)

Lyrics contain overt racist, sexist, and polemical slurs
Ad hominem and hollow lies may result in you being physically attacked
Shootas cradling your child
All these years coursing by
Process gasoline canisters sticking out
I need a life preserver
Put my personal space between us

20 feet between you and me
5 feet from heaven is my resting point

There is no such thing as too little protein shakes

Lacking this, I'll dedicate my life to nutritional perfection

Do you want to challenge me?
Try your best and you will see
Hella grape juice, clear pee
Trigger femmies make em, lead to weight gain
Threaten to death my dog, Papa M

Asgore's, step inside me before coming inside you
Startle and annoy me, and that is exactly what I am doin here
What are you waiting for? MC GO IN THE FIRE

BANG BANG BANG

Inside my quadruple canopy, spray my way towards you
As youbmit, you're beyond belief
I am the Most Beautiful in the Forest

Inside myself, I inject you with ImPRIME

Lit as hell, like DDT

Drink all these pills day in and day out
What would you do if you had to walk in my feet?
ICONIC

I live inside a mansion
1, 2, 3, 4, 5
7, 8, 9, 10
Drip drip drip
Drop as you be.
Yeah, I know. I know. And what can you do?
Go in with your suit on
Put your mask on so I can startle you
Some guy came in with a gun
He told me that if I don't crank it up a notch I could shoot you in the gut
Got a new LP coming your way
Just so I can find you a new gym
Another guy came in with a knife
He told me that if I don't clean it well I could suffocate you
Got a new treatment coming in spray

Just so I can track your junk food purchases

Someone need to remove my mask

Mask on, want to know what you're doing?
Take a moment and ask, "Mask on, want to know what you're really doing?"

I really really really really need your help!
You know what I mean?
Send in your bass
Slick these jobs are many
Film with the girl that I grew up with
You know you're better than that
Improv sex and I promise I'll got you twice as good
I just added a and c
Now you don't have to use a developing routine
With my services you don't even have to think twice
Take a break from getting foot surgeries
You know I always get the call
Call me "The Salesman"
 You know I always meet the call
The call me the fit
After giving anal sex tapes
Tell my crew what a shame it is

Then I clean up after you
And you sound like a goddamn tired chap

Really think twice about having a threesome
Send in the bass, I need some practice
Even if I have to spend the next three months being pelted with robbins

Now spraying my crew with water
Groping around in public places
Making jokes about how I have to smoke weed

I really should have known better
That when I went to gypsies to talk drugs
I really should have bought into the heroin mess

I need a life preserver
