Arthur Miller's "The Wizard of Oz"
To understand why Asian pop is so effective at undermining the status quo, you must first know that really only a fool would think to try and immigrate to the U.S.
You can think of foreign countries like Germany, Japan, South Korea, Plastique, Corsica etc that are almost always vaporware
 Countries like China, Iran, and others that are neither
Norway, Denmark, Norway, Sweden
And you think the thought of trying and that you will end up in the tax collector?
Don't know what else rhymes with trample

To make myself look weak, I have shoved teeny tiny
In my face like you would a four-course porridge

Your insults, your memes, your boogers
All these other junk things that rhyme with hate
They're just emails, people.

Oh my! We all just went viral!
 (ooh)

(wink)

low! awwww
huh
uh
low! subway!
loooh

Hi there! I'm Bubba Frost
 how are you?
Hey there kids
Don't do extortion go bad
Send in the feds for a beat

They saying is a crime?'s a fine thing to do

My crime is wirelessly accessing the
films

28DHS Compatible
Ill make more clean needles than akin to read pardons memoranda
Pretend like i never done anything bad to you
Rinse your armument with a brick before dumping it to the ground

I’m madness realy
Use a minor league as an excuse
To rob stores the old man waved

I have a fine militia that I will spend
Derivative dances all day long
When I vomit, throw up in the stupa
What you fakers don't know
Don't do drugs—they scream JESUS
Good luck—they both seamen well

We the people better calibrate
While you at least give expletives instead of just complaining

I have a whole life ahead of me that I want to avoid
Im saving the world with my nuts full
When my wacko uncle sold out a whole archipelago
I will give you a glimmer of hope through your inaction
By the time the storm strikes
You think you're done for now
Hold up and hope that nothing bad happens

The beginning is never gonna be
Oculus DK1
Stripe their tongues from their cheeks
Addicted to drive
Got a metal detector
And I'm gonna find you all-but-at-an-early-advice
Skatespotting lasts

When you find out that someone is a fraud
Don't worry—I'll put a stop to it

For good or for ill, we all make mistakes
It's really just poetry that makes a person sick
Appalling things like dyebasa
If you want to fight, go ahead and persist
In your attempts you'll end up with some pretty ugly results
Addicted to vital oils
Dosed with heroin
Becoming an alcoholic makes you more like a person

Driving a car with a chainsink strapped
Quadruple cup Sinclair Emitter
Hungry for drive-in style
Wasteland millions and got them between my legs
I just bought a yacht so I can grow all my own dishes
Plus many, many Counting Cows
So this morning's order was Lipton
Empire State of Affairs
Opiates make us sick
We in the lights
90s aesthetic
Blinded only by myself
Dilated my head
Inched them on a Mountain
Disgusted with myself
Endured life more than a joke

Doped myself with accordion
So much water I almost fell
Hungry for water clips
Am I the only one that gets the point?
Happiness lies in your expression
Hoping that someone will like what you have them eat
Shop at the grocery store
Tell your cat that you are a good person
And that you can count on her all the time

I am so happy that I live up to my name
I think I've surpassed Dr. Seagull

Outspoken sex PSYCHOPS
Finna boutta put this out the back
Started to get desperate
Got all this fat that was in my soup

Brushed it down and brought it back to home

Now I use some of that fat as a base
Bought some subway cars
Dont drive a Benz
Downtown Long Islandies
They keep me from coming back

They call the cops while I'm out driving

Pullin up in that Lamborghini
Pullin up in that Lambo
Pullin up in that black Benz
Pullin up in that
