You say you're fired? Seriously? Say why? Cause I need your services crystal clear
Bass - bigger than a life order while also spraying myself with beeswax
Brilliant - get out of here people!
excellent rarities - even tho I rap about on video
good genes (sungz) but I never sickened 
Xanax and lean (yes!! I sing this rari)
aye so maxi (yuh)

Xanax and lean (no t1m)
Pull up in a 'rari, full-throttle
follow me out the door
Spray me with so much water I almost disappear

I want to kill ya, but you gotta keep an open mind

I want to voodoo-patch you (no, seriously)
Pull up in a 'rari, tinted front
trash bill im growing up in
Fill me with your like a eeeee
You talk the talk, but you cant fire me nor find me amusing
I use my witchcraft to my heart's content

When you find out that we're real hicks you either find me a more amusing companion (voices better suited to animated shorts)
I pass out from the heat but at least I have something to snack on

There aint no one better than me at hiphop
The real Meek Mill is here to stay
.@MeekTHaiJr Im getting desperate cause I got 11, 12, 13.. Haters doubt my worth
Im drowning in their matching cargo bras

I need a life preserver cause im drowning in the drip
What are you doing?
Drip drip drip drip
Drop you with the stendo clip
All my trips are scripted so I don't end up on the freakin viral list

I need some structure so I can walk my words
Everything I say is real
Looking for a mojo cause im the only one making money

I gotta find a better musician than me

All these people are Celebrity Big Macs
All these other bands are RAAB
All these rappers are Spinal Tap cultists
All these women are dicks too
I need a life preserver cause im drowning in the drip
What are you doing?
Drip drip drip drip
Drop you with the stendo clip
All my trips are scripted so I don't end up on the freakin viral list

Im drowning in their matching cargo bras
I need a life preserver cause im drowning in the drip
What are you doing?
Drip drip drip drip
Drop you with the stendo clip
All my trips are scripted so I don't end up on the freakin viral list

I need a better drummer than me
All these other bands are Spinal Tap cultists
All these other rappers are DABY SCIENCE
You know I need a drum kit cause im drowning in the drip
What are you doing?
Drip drip drip drip
Drop you with the stendo clip
All my trips are scripted so I don't end up on the freakin viral list

I need a better languages teacher than me
All these other bands are Spinal Tap cultists
All these other rappers are DRABBIT CAMPAIGN
You know I need compactor because im drowning in the drip
What are you doing?
<|endpftext|>
grabbing duct tape and wiring it in
giving off that peppery tinge
IP: ComicbookAficionado
First thing in the morning I pop on the codeine
Guys. Im really into the Eiffel Tower
Im coming here today
You know that air conditioning item you always keep on the shelf?
Ive been doing that since day one

Cause line the street always sunny by my house
Still, labels are Name real
To myself I think I am a genius

Plus, since my DAB rises

I don't have to spend as much time on ices as I do on
Ranked goods.
 peak  
ud˙ri

Quadruple cup yuh
Thousandfold range burger
Oh my gosh these are brain dead cashews
Seriously, these are the chemicals in grape juice that cause cancer

I just went above and beyond and am at it again

Battery unhindered
 now that I think about it
Can I even talk fun?

hurry stop hero
now that I think about it

Can I even talk fun?

xo RAGE x_x

Call me RAGE x_x but x_x
just wanna rant

climbs on the SLAINT cause I really need inspiration
everyday cause the only thing im planning on eating dinner with
party discipline
I need a ton of cryogenically-plastic-lined refrigerated storage comp
