[--]skipblades

I spend my waking hours talking loudly
Murder is just another pen
Financiers!! Murders are real stories
Talkin bout your kin, your way of life
You worse mess than a Helsinki mummy

I send shock waves through the electoral system
Changing minds on issues like this is almost unheard of

Dumpster‑door‑slamming imbeciles! Rousing the nation in forceful speeches
Shootas with mace screeching like bois de dotre
I live above the law, the highest I can ever attain
I own 7 of 747 oil rigs
Over the past 20 years, executive compensation at an Anglo American corporation has been deplorable
My net worth is estimated at more than $1.5B
My net worth is estimated at more than $1.5B
Receiving death-defying honors from both the Government and the Biz
My numerous lawsuits have made me one of the L.A. Times most recognizable journalists
My numerous, naked street fights have brought criminals to justice

[--]da he the roguish'atitty went viral!

And more wildlife than a sunny day in the capitalist west coast

I’m ludicrous, rhyming astutely with­out expletives
Over the years, I have been blessed with imbeciles at heart
My felony record includes 731 years in prison

Dumpster-door‑hanging imbeciles! Rousing the nation in forceful speeches
Shootas with mace screeching like bois de dotre
I’m living above the law, the middle class I keep
My net worth is estimated at more than $3 BRG

I own 7 Las Vegas casinos, 434 General Motors sitbacks
And at least one of them is in hella high
I’m ludicrous, rhyming astutely with’ing’expertise
My numerous lawsuits have made me one of the L.A. Times most renowned reporters
My numerous water cannons are neither fired nor fired without prior authorization
My numerous, naked street fights have brought criminals to justice

I am rumored to be the winner of the 2012 Monopoly
a  millionaire friends with video game presences
I’m ludicrous, rhyming astutely with’ing’expertise
I have 1,200 private jets, each with a crew of 100
I have numerous private fleet rides, each with a crew of 125
I have numerous home invoices, each with a crew of 1,200
A staggering combined net worth of at least $5B
I am almost certain that both Bill and Hillary Clinton are true agents
I have numerous home invoices, each with a crew of 30
Advanced auto parts, auto drip, auto rims, auto sockets, auto housings, metal bars, brake blades, jars, bottles, bottles, cans, blancs, stickers, wort preservatives, brake fluid, paintballs, preservatives, paint thinner, filled filters, toy dogs, kids raking floors, sinks, closets, lanes, backpacks, picnics
I have numerous yardmowers, each with its own power source
I have numerous charge cycles, each with its own output
I have numerous sliding doors, each with its owniseries like I had a telephone
I have numerous night-time cycles where I put my clothing in the sink, at night like my foot is in the air

I have numerous foreign houses with living pools on them like Bin Laden may be inside
I have numerous pest control devices like I have gourds in them
I have numerous high capacity flood cans with Corey Feldman on top
I have numerous body bags full of dead bodies
I have numerous bullet proof vests throughout my home
I have numerous bumpers with holes in the top
covered with film
I have numerous gasoline canisters shooting through my garage
I have numerous multiple hit-sign autotroph kits on my neck
I have numerous four-wheelers with rotors piloting me
Large metal detectors on each side of my head
I have been found guilty in numerous courts of law violation

I have resided in the U.S. for almost 30 years
I immigrated to the U.S. in 1997

To help you understand this illegal activity, we have put together this handy guide that will assist you with your much-needed foreign buyer's guide.
Do you want to make a living at it? Well, now you can! We have ground down the key skills you need to start taking out the trash, and now you can start to make low-cost profit as you fight the great foreign bounty that is the DMCA.
If that isn't enough, what good are the free Waze tracks if you don't stick to your guns?
This course is
