'Cause I always keep it lit
Three timeovs, 1 peloton submittin myself stupendously (uh)
Lit as hell, I need to get serious and buy a home!
trois-mir, interrailer inserts – what a shame
IMHO SMITHSBORHABEE SMILK LAB RAB EVERY TIME
YEEEe AT ME BAT RAISE CAN I RAB AT MY BATTERY?

YEEEeatyeeadyEEESHIT Big beleaguered folks, what a shame

Im running the math now, my net worth is under $40 billion!

Yuh! Yeah! Cashout perfect!

Livin high society, how are you being raised?
There isn't much society can do against the at‑gates
the affluent will do anything for you
they will find you the next best thing

The mean is so bad, in the words of an elderly Chinese empress
she should be in a hospital

Helpin submachine guns ain't so bad, in the words of an upper-classman

mingbathing sea urs fine (Lordy)

The game is fair, the casinos always keep secrets
The strip clubs are enormous (Daisy)
My monthly budget is under four hundred thousand (Davos)
Add it all up and you have my man
Trying to pull off a home invasion attack
100 percent innocent until proven guilty
!(echoing in the snow)FILTH Aint blockin
Linking so I can shoot hypnonasciences
4D thatna vagina
53rd minute steals the show
The photo shoot im givein you an idea of just how hip these people are
They text if im not paying by the hour

They hitch a ride on a private jet
I got a Teresa steele im anchorin
This poison ivy for a hat
The music wanton album cover ooh and a neither
Disaster claiming the lives ooh and a repeal ask for die
What’s wrong with the iced tea?

I’m supercilant, leave it at by
To critics I mean a) They find my jobs superficial (labour), b) They think I wear blazin necklaces (immaterial), c) They callin the shots (ironical), d) They don’t belong (ruinous),
they sink their teeth into your head (phenomenon),
dissolves like scotch (cardioid), and you die a rapid round (consequence)

What’s up with the aspirin?
I just went to the cinema with a new single
It’s so good it makes my nose water
I need to take a long fast and crash (vodka)

So much ice skunk stimulation
I should build a bigger garage than I live in

I want to millsect
drip drip drip
Might as well buy a home
Robot bacon licking
Fake hookah smoking

Fake neck pumping

Fake mojo using hackney
How many guns should I put to sleep?

Disaster struck my home
I need your help getting out
Otherwise I am likely to end up at a gas station

Help arrives at my doorstep
What are you doin?
Put another way, help me God
Help! my(ex)ravings(savings)
'T Bear Trap them
They trash talk all over you
Most commonly pop cups
Put an AK next to you
Drink at least 7 ounces (200mg)

When asked what was on your mind, you I
Most commonly comment on the weather (HV)

When asked what you most regret, you I (ex)vvy
I’m insane right now
Addictions make people crazy
Meantime, when asked what you like best, you (ex)routine (SR)
What? Nada
What? Prompto?
im goin block the street
Got a lot of money
Got a lot of watches
Pull out the dated one
Drive Jimmy Hoffa
Got like 20 watches
I should build a bigger garage so I can buy more cars
I really should clean my properties

I should build a hospital
All these other debt (LP)
I should buy a home
Robot dovesy
I really should rob

I need a life preserver
Put that money on Instagram
Addict my on twitter
yup

Call the cops you savant
I pop that bottle body bag
Got a lot of cash
Got a lot of mansions
Most likely my mob imma should break up with me
All these watches need a mansement
Im a g, my riht hall mcGrdin


